Chore: Fix broken links in README.md (#44658)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

<details>
<summary><strong>Other methods</strong></summary>
<br/>

> There are <a href="./doc/unofficialInstallMethods.md">community driven install methods</a> such as Chocolatey and Scoop. If these are your preferred install solutions, you can find the install instructions there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are <a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/powertoys/install#community-driven-install-tools">community driven install methods</a> such as Chocolatey and Scoop. If these are your preferred install solutions, you can find the install instructions there.
```
